---

title: Previous Work Experience
---
- <h2>Data Scientist/Software Engineer</h2> 
    <h4>Xylem, Bangalore - (September 2024 - Present)</h4>
    - Working on generating aftermarket leads for Commercial team.
    - Reduced the run-time of the code from 15 hours to 5 hours.
    - Set up pipelines to include last 10 years worth of Capital Transaction data.
    - Supporting for generation of monthly reports, which helps in understanding the end market revenue breakdown in different regions across the globe.
<h4> </h4>
- <h2>R&D Summer Intern</h2> 
    <h4>Xylem, Stockholm - (June 2024-September 2024)</h4>
    - Developed Streamlit Angular Web app for auto generation of customer reports, which reduces time for generating a report from 2 hours to 5 minutes.
    - Analysis on PowerBI and Superset for SKU datasets to understand about which products could be removed from the catalogue, using 80-20 principle.
    - Mentor of a hackathon on raising awareness about sustainability in industries.
<h4> </h4>
- <h2>Data Science Intern</h2> 
    <h4>Ericsson, Stockholm - (June 2022-September 2023)</h4>
    - Summer intern, part-time worker, and Master’s thesis student
    at Ericsson, gaining hands-on experience in machine learning
    applied to mobile networks.
    - Developed expertise in data visualization, using Plotly and
    dash, and deep learning, contributing to projects aimed at
    understanding energy consumption through causal graphs and
    detecting faults in mobile networks using machine learning
    models
    - Master thesis work in Fault Detection and Correction in mobile 
    networks during time synchronization using Machine Learning techniques, 
    including Graph Neural Networks
<h4> </h4>
- <h2>Research Intern</h2> 
    <h4>University of California, Santa Cruz - (June 2021-August 2021)</h4>
    - Contributed to the GUII lab, Open Player and community
    models project, focusing on designing and building complex
    data visualization tools
    - Feel free to know more about the project <a href='https://sites.google.com/view/openplayermodeling/home'>here</a> and <a href='https://guiilab.ucsc.edu/projects'>here</a>

<!-- *References will be available upon request.* -->
